*Brawl Talk: Summarized!
Angels Vs Demons Event:
Each Day you get an angel or a demon coin, by flipping a coin, you will get a starr drop for the day with unique rewards per type, and some days you will get free will to choose if you want an angelo or a demon, you will get angelic or demonic abilites that you can choose, basically like a star power!
*Abilties:
angel: seraphim: spawn a healer (kinda like tara's) when a teammate dies
angel: rebirth: basically bea old star power + knockback
demon: siphon: damaging enemies heals you?
demon: chaos: when you take down an opponent you get a attacking ally, basically like bruce but weaker
(all team based abilites get stronger if your teammates are the same type).
*New gamemode: spirit wars
similar to siege, but instead of a robot you spawn angels/demons! (ok this is just siege)
*New Gamemode: trio showdown, its like-
trio showdown was good so its back now!
*Similar to spongebob or mutations event, different gamemodes will have the special abilites
*Contests, some kinda leader board? highest people on the board get extra special drops, uses tickets like megapig (basically daily megapig)
*Season skins!
Angel Larry and Lawrie - Brawl Pass
Demon Mortis - Hypercharge skin from demonic drop, comes with two chromas
Dark Angel Edgar - Hypercharge skin from angelic drop, comes with two chromas
Demon Otis, willow and emz!
Angelo max, lily, and gene!
Dark angel colt and trixie collete recolors!
*New brawler: Juju, mythic artillery brawler that cycles between 3 different attacks
Grass: +Range
Earth: +Damage
Water: Slows enemies (this is just sora from smash bros what the hel)
Her super summons some little guy that attacks people? 
(Scrappy + Bruce + Gus shield?), juju can also walk on water (damn)
New Thropy Reset (Check The other files for it)
*New Brawler - Shade, Final member of ghost station trio, can move on water and super goes into walls (assasin lore)
attack goes through walls (its actually over)
HYPERCHARGES---------------------------
8-bits turret can shoot (this update is just scrappy copies omg)
Otis super stuns (damn)
Ruffs super charges hyper (let him cook)
Darryls super just uses his gadget (boring what the hel)
Penny's Turret fires two cannonballs (these hypers are ass what the fu-)
Stu can use his super infintely (nvm peak brawl stars is healing)
*Hypercharges skin stays hypercharged until you die? cool?
Starr toon studios 2 (the name is kinda boring-)----------------
Bizzare maisie (is that a jojo refrence) - Brawl Pass
Rude lou (erit cartman)?
Paper Cordelius (peak?)
Be less Ash (is that the robot from adventure tim-)
Sugarplum rosa (more adventure time, brawl stars is healin- ive made this joke too much)
Rusty Otis
High flyer lola (what is dfc even about)
Sous chef ruffs (ok)
Cinema Shade
Unlucky Juju
#AngelMaxGiveAway
 
